Examples of core values: Loyalty, Passion, Honesty, Efficiency, Reliability, Dependability, Optimism, Positivity, Commitment.

- something about trying to make sure I do not compare myself?

1. Using the evidence gathered, describe your core personal values.

Explain a situation where you have had an ethical decision to make. Discuss how you weighed up the values involved in that decision, the decision you made and the consequences of the action you took.
:  A situation where I had to make an ethical decision was over the COVID lockdown period, I noticed one of my colleagues wasn't doing any of their work and through steam (gaming platform) I noted that they were instead
playing games all day. I weighed up honesty, reliability and loyalty when making a decision about what to do in that instance. I ended up deciding to let my senior know about it and the consequences of that was 
me colleague ended up getting a warning and closely monitored with their work output and some restrictions placed on them. For instance after lockdown had ended and we went back to working in the office
he was no longer allowed to work from home at all while the rest of the office was allowed to do so twice per week, He also ended up getting performance management. 

Describe how your culture has influenced your values and identity.
:  The way I was brought up by my parents was that things like honesty, reliability, Dependability and commitment were all very important values to have. I now associate myself with all of these
very heavily and I thank my parents for doing so. I believe it has made me a better person for it and this has had a positive impact on my life and the lifes of everyone I have associated with because of it.


2.Using the evidence gathered, describe your strengths and limitations.


Describe how your culture has influenced your values and identity.


Evaluate your strengths and limitations in terms of your learning and career development
I think my strength of wanting to be dependable and reliable is a great strength for career development as I never want to let the team down and I will always try my best to deliver.
A limitation would be getting frustrated quickly when i am stressed, this could lead to making it difficult for me to do what I need to.

Identify which of your strengths might help you in your learning journey and how they might intersect with learning obstacles.
Being reliable and dependable would intersect with my learning obstacles by eventually getting stressed while working and then frustrated easily. My strengths would help me here as I
would much rather be frustrated than let someone else down. Meaning that my strenghts would outweigh my obstacle.

Share an example from your experience of where you were trying to work productively with others, but there was resistance or tension. Discuss the strategies you used at that time, how effective they were, 
and your reflections on what other strategies you would try now, and why.

When I was in university, during my first year one of my courses required us to make a robot that could navigate itself through a maze and we had a strict timeframe of 1 month to complete it.
We were put into groups of roughly 4 people and were told to get on with it. During the last week there had been a lot of tension built up due to people feeling like there wasn't enough time, 
that certain people hadn't contributed towards the project fairly/evenly and general high stress period near exams. A strategy I used at this time after being made the team leader was to get everyone
together to talk through what needed to be done, what we thought we could achieve in the week left, specifically who would be doing what part of the project and setting a schedule that we expected
everyone to turn up to. This ended up being mostly effective as 3 of the 4 of us were able to stick to what we discussed and got what we needed to done and then the other person sort of flopped under the pressure.
The downside of making it a reality with the team was that it was too much stress for one of our group members and they decided to withdraw completely. Something I might try to do next time would be
To talk to everyone individually first to find out everything about what was going on and what they thought was possible for them to do at the time as some people may not be comfortable speaking out in a group enviroment.
This could of meant that the 4th person didn't feel so overwhelmed and they may have continued on with us.
